Nietzsche - "He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how"
- When people depend on you, when you made a promise, when you have a duty, all of a sudden the question of energy is not a problem. Only the attrition digs at your why but if your why is immediate and sincere it should not dissipate. It is only when you force your WHY that the attrition will set it back in it's place.
Viktor E. Frankl - "So _live_ as _if_ you were _living_ already _for the second time_ and as _if_ you had acted _the_ first _time_ as wrongly as _you are_ about to act now"
 - A shift in perspective that can overcome many blocks
 - If you are blocked into your own perspective try to shift it. Another example would be: imagine it's you at the end of your life. You are now wise as you lived for so long. What is the advice you would give yourself now. This shifts your perspective to if you were wise so you think what someone wise would say with the added touch that it's actually yourself giving the advice. Generic example for shifting perspective would be: Imagine that X and what would you do then
Vikto E Frankl - It is precisely when you hyper fixate on trying to do something that you can't do it. This and irony can be used to overcome your fears and obsessions. Try really hard to do what you are already doing to the point it becomes humorous. Viktor says that it is precisely when you are trying to force it that your mind no longer wants to do it. You will encounter resistance from your mind against the exaggeration of the fear/obsession